h1. Beehive File System tester

* @BeeFS@ or @Beehive File System@ [1] is a distributed file system for local area networks (LANs)
that is both scalable and simple to maintain. It is being developed at Distributed Systems Laboratory (LSD)[2]
at Federal University of Campina Grande[3], Brazil.

* This tester will analyze the behavior of BeeFS into different situations
(including changing the mode of file synchronization, workloads and so on),
will allow execute performance tests more automatically and generate more results in less time




fn1. "(classname)lsd.ufcg.edu.br/beefs(title tooltip)":http://www.lsd.ufcg.edu.br/beefs

fn2. "(classname)ufcg.edu.br(title tooltip)":http://www.ufcg.edu.br

fn3. "(classname)lsd.ufcg.edu.br(title tooltip)":http://www.lsd.ufcg.edu.br

h2. Performance

At the performance folder you find the scripts of performance experiments executed on BeeFS.
This script allows you analyze the behavior of BeeFS while writing the given workload.
The results are printed into files with the configuration of each test case.
You should attend that the BeeFS may be configured for several configurations modes.

h2. Escalability

At the escalability folder you find scripts of escalability experiments executed on BeeFS.
These scripts also allows you analyze the behavior of BeeFS while writing the given workload,
but differs from the other, because allows more than one "write" at the same time, this way you
may analyze which configuration or quantity of writes the BeeFS can tolerate.

I would like to thank Thiago Manel, these scripts are based on his work.

